ROX-25000: bump np-guard/netpol-analyzer from 1.3.1 to 1.4.2 (#10)
shireenf-ibm/stackrox: roxctl/netpol/connectivity/map/README.md

The `--exposure` parameter prints the permitted connectivity with additional information of potential permitted connectivity to workload entities that may be matched by policy rules, but do not have a match in the input manifests. More details about exposure analysis and its output are [here](./exposure_analysis.md)

> The `--explain` parameter provides additional information of what resources (such as network policies, admin network policies, routes and more) contributed to allowing or denying a connectivity between any pair of nodes.\

Reviewer: I would add also a link to a separate doc on `explain`, just like there is for `exposure`

Author: done

The `--exposure` parameter prints the permitted connectivity with additional information of potential permitted connectivity to workload entities that may be matched by policy rules, but do not have a match in the input manifests. More details about exposure analysis and its output are [here](./exposure_analysis.md)

> The `--explain` parameter provides additional information of what resources (such as network policies, admin network policies, routes and more) contributed to allowing or denying a connectivity between any pair of nodes. More details about explain analysis and its output are [here](./explain_analysis.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `--explain` parameter provides additional information of what resources (such as network policies, admin network policies, routes and more) contribute to allowing or denying a connection between any pair of workloads and/or IP blocks. More details about `explain` analysis and its output are [here](./explain_analysis.md)
```
